welcome to 13 total sports a
Friday spiced with the gold medal
by Ivan Garcia and Germán Sánchez in Moscow
gold medal of the 10 meters
synchronized platform follows the
telenovela ricardo antonio lavolpe
versus against guadalajara and also already
the quarterfinal teams prepare
for the defining parties this end
of the week in the mx league but let's
listen this morning jorge vergara will
responded to ricardo antonio lavolpe who
yesterday gives a press conference this
it was on the ciro gómez leyva news
and here we take up the interview that
granted the owner of chivas a ciro
Gómez Leyva
Jorge vergara good morning says no
they talked
the recognition that of us
he spoke is yesterday that he made the volpe of the
anti facts that Jorge did
the little one of the team
and before being again in the volpe
acknowledged that Jorge acknowledged the fact
what to do with write
I apologize that I was very sorry
and as is
and nothing else to try to understand which
it was the done
and yourself
because all the details for questions
legal
but that was finally no more
expression issue that can explain
what is the nickname places but
and I do not have why it was
dressed that way when trying to
find out why call messages that
we fold to we do not have in six years
without any complaint of the same the
players from part of the by now all
because the deal is very clear to me
of loving what we give have taken off and
certify what lopez ended inmates
but before the blacksmith ricardo the
volpe recognized inappropriate behavior
he said the opposite afternoon
well he will not publicly say a
accept live another couple of generations
so
January elections
he received it
and nine points
and that
and what
that can apologize that excuse not
so much because they are apologizing while all
that person who was dying that meant
that I was dying that they were leaving things or that
he forgets the team not us
although he did not explain why he did not explain it
yesterday's
good but then he took it for granted
that recognizing a behavior
inappropriate to the envelope that is
directive in the chivas there were the
things and nothing happened and then
you make the decision not only of
separate it from the position but to be public
the case
good franz jorge that this question
will have to be done will be severe but good
it's part of the organization that you
you lead, I guess this will declare it
before the public prosecutor
well he spoke yesterday also ricardo
antonio lavolpe that he had no contract
that he signed some papers that he did not know that
there is no end and kiko as it was a month ago
of a month and a half that you contracted or that
they hired ricardo the volpe his
contractual labor situation jorge
we have the contract signed the first
place like I eat a technical director
exactly made we can not
simple can not perform the tasks
well I have to impress in contracts
registered in the operation consumed not
you have to be perfectly legal
established and the production of 62 years
I wanted it to be good I thought
that is the auditor that someone is
sweating normal we already know
then clear is something that is embodied
You can even say that
once the session in when we
visit consigned is that the time that in
subject to the technician and I have
so many witnesses to the media where he
only for me he said be the salary and
they give a prize to be champion because we are going to
from camps to las chivas
good we business at the end of
accounts and the settlement also as
corresponds not simply to the
Explanation
I have out signed the settlement
signed and of course you need a
clear settlement that when he signed yesterday
on Tuesday already on a Tuesday next and 35
remarkable values ​​the volpe signed the
settle and obviously you have
you in the copy when signing the
I guess I guess they did the
mandarin transfer started everything
that my contract corresponded to us is
to say they already paid the settlement not only
he signed it but he was paid doctor
totally everything with careful totality
for the entire contract settlement
that as an agreement in resolution I
I asked if he was not guilty and he did not have
no reason why write a
settlement
the table went ahead has been said
I do not sign anything we do not have show
hospitals that prove to think that
I was giving the right
the institution that we were the intent and
we have a document that
you have and if you want, you can
exhibit at the time they wish and good
and besides we not only see it but
paid
the contract was settled and we can know
the amounts jorge inflames us a
approximate I do not have because our
I presented
leave time management of productions
that both the requirements of the
and thinking control can be
defined but then we can not write
we do not usually expect him to be lying
just like then listening to you for
second consecutive morning
we must say that is the ricardo
volpe together with his lawyer put
rudely yesterday afternoon and we have
the papers proved cool that is already
here we have the prosecutor's newsletter
of the state of Jalisco where it says
who received a criminal complaint against
of the volpe the complaint was filed
the night of April 30 at
agency facilities x etc.
etcetera that's how the price does not
official of the general prosecutor's office of the site
have the moto2 means own for
prodigious getting in there is not a
complaint
[Music]
and then if there was an acknowledgment of
ricardo volpe and a behavior
inappropriate in general or recognized
positive sexual annoyance that
know our executed
and what about the towel what is presented in
a half-naked towel why
Well thanks again Jorge